<h1> Task 6 </h1>
Write a program that determines the day of the week by the entered date. The result is displayed in a text field (preferably in Russian).
<h1> Task 7 </h1>
Write a program that calculates how much time is left before the specified date (the date is entered from the keyboard in Edit). Provide for the possibility of issuing a result in years, months, days, minutes, seconds (for the first two options, the answer is fractional). To switch between options, it is desirable to use switches (RadioButton).
<h1> Task 8 </h1>
Task setting: <br>
The owner of the gas station "BestOil" ordered the following program. When a gas station is just starting its activity, the owner usually wants to receive the largest possible income, which he plans to increase due to additional services. Therefore, a small cafe will operate at the gas station. But at the same time, he can hire only one employee for a cashier position, and therefore the purpose of the program is to account for the sales of gasoline and the range of goods in the mini-café.
Requirements for the task: <br>
For convenience, the window is divided into three parts: <br>
the first to carry out calculations relating directly to fueling vehicles with fuel; <br>
the second is shopping in a mini-cafe; <br>
the third part to calculate the amount of payment. <br>
So, the first group of items Refueling. ComboBox - drop-down list with a list of available fuel. By default, right after launching the program, a certain type of fuel should be selected and the price for this type of product should be displayed in TextBox (or for example Label). With each change in the choice of gasoline, the price in this field will change accordingly. Further, the choice is given: to buy fuel, specifying the required number of liters or indicating how much the customer will refuel. At the same time, after selecting one of the two options for providing the service, the unnecessary field becomes blocked. In the case of entering the amount of money, the group “By payment” will change the name to “To issue”; instead of the sum, the number of liters should be displayed; the units of measure will change accordingly from “UAH ..” to “l” .. <br>
The second group is a mini-cafe. For convenience, all possible products are displayed immediately in this part. For each product, a CheckBox with the product name is provided, a price is displayed next to it (inactive TextBox). Upon receipt of the order to be able to enter the number of ordered units of goods, you should put a "tick" in the CheckBox opposite the corresponding product. <br> Last - "For payment" Contains a button that is responsible for the implementation of the calculation and output amounts in the appropriate fields. After the sum is displayed, after (for example) 10 seconds a request should appear for clearing the form, that is, when the following client appears: yes - all fields accept the default values, no - the same state remains for another 10 seconds. When you exit the program (the working day is over), a window should appear with a message saying what the total amount of revenue for the day is. Or this amount can be immediately withdrawn in the form itself and changed after each settlement with the client. In addition, give the form an aesthetic look (colors, fonts, pictures ...). <br>
With reasonable need and an interesting solution to the functionality of the program, it is allowed to make changes in the appearance of the form or set of elements.
